This text was not read by me and not written.
He was copied from http://www.kurzgeschichten-verlag.de/humor/humor-264.html purely for testing purposes.
My place was in the first row and right in the middle. At one and a half meters distance was the stage and in front of me, below the stage, was the prompter. Later I should hear him read the texts to the actors.
The hall was sold out, already for months. I received my ticket as a gift for my 20-year jubilee, from the head of the office. "Mr. Georg," my department head said, "as a thank you for your faithful work over the years, you will receive from your colleagues these three bottles of your favorite juices, and the tax office will give you a ticket to a theater performance." I was very happy, and as I had expected to receive gifts, I had also organized something for this celebration. Now that I had my presents in my hands, I was also able to uncover my workplace. Regardless of cost, I prepared a basket of eleven pretzels, another of two packs of pretzel sticks, and a third of eight hanutas. Two decanters of cherry juice, one bottle of tomato juice with six glasses and two bottles of water with six plastic cups. Then I gave a speech of thanks and on behalf of all colleagues Katja (a colleague from the third floor) also gave a speech and at the end she said: "George, you are like a big box: nothing in front and behind and in the middle empty, but useful and indispensable at all times. " They all laughed and I too laughed without really understanding what exactly she meant by that.
There I sat in my place No. 12 in the first row and looked around in the empty hall. I came 45 minutes earlier, because I had heard somewhere that you should be in the theater earlier, because of the squares. Presumably, no one was here yet, only one man was constantly pacing and checking that the seats were in order. I looked at the stage and admired the red velvet curtain, which was still closed. Then I discovered that cupholders were attached to the armrests of the seats. I took out of my jacket pocket the paper bag with the pistachios, made myself comfortable and began to eat.
Gradually more visitors came. I turned around and watched some people go to the left, some stayed right behind and others came straight ahead. The row I sat in filled slowly. On the square to my right sat a man, about 60 years old with a big belly and a big, red head. He was tall and when he sat down his hands took up the whole width of the armrests.
"Well, we're right up there, are not we?" he said to me and groaned deeply, which unfortunately did not hide the fact that he had eaten garlic.
Meanwhile, the seats to my left were occupied by a young woman, about 28 years old, and her companion, about 29 years old.
"Hello," she said.
"Good evening" I answered and she laughed out loud.
"Nice joke, but you're right: it's already evening, is not it George?" She looked at her companion.
"How do you know my name?" I asked.
"Oh, another joke," she said, laughing again. "Your name is Georg, too, like my friend?"
"Why are they laughing?" the fat man asked to my right. "The play has not started yet."
"The play is not a comedy, my lord," said the Miss behind my shoulders to the fat man.
"Which piece?" I asked.
"Well that's what's being played tonight," said George, Miss's friend.
"No, no," said the fat man, "It's a comedy, is not it, Agathe." He spoke to his wife, who was sitting next to him. Then he turned back to us. "She bought a map for a comedy at my express wish, what do you think we will see tonight?" the fat man asked me.
"Hm, a red curtain"
"Give me some rest," said George, the friend of the Fraulein.
At that moment the lights went out, the curtain opened and the spectacle started. I looked at the stage, on the left was a human on the ground, his head in a pool of blood. A woman came in and cried, "Oh, how can I stand it, oh, oh, oh?" The woman was young, she wore white trousers and a yellow blouse. She was pretty and she also knew she was pretty. Now a man entered the stage, turned to the audience and knelt down next to the man on the ground. At that moment, I saw that the zipper of his pants was open. When he got up again, he said, "I'm opening my heart now," but that was the moment I wanted to point out his problem and said, "Your pants are open."
For a moment it was very quiet. But suddenly some people began to laugh, first softly, then a little louder and louder and I heard "Prima Pointe, haha", or "The idea with the pants is great". Meanwhile, the red curtain had fallen again. I tried to understand what had happened and heard the fat man laughing loudly and saying to the miss next to me, "I said it's a comedy!"
A gong sounded, it was quiet again and a man came on the stage, stood in front of the curtain and said: "For technical reasons, we had to interrupt our game briefly, but now we are ready again for our crime thriller, a confusion about feelings surprising outcome ". Then he looked at me for a long time and said in a threatening voice: "A detective - exciting entertainment!"
The lights went out, the curtain opened, the lady next to me looked at the fat man, laughed and said very softly: "Comedy, that I do not laugh!". The fat man got an even redder head and said some energetic words to his wife. And the piece started again:
The man lay on the left, his head in a pool of blood. A woman came in, said, crying, "Oh, how can I stand it, oh, oh, oh, oh." She was young, she wore white trousers and a yellow blouse. She was beautiful and she also knew that she was pretty, because this time she gave us an extra Oh - as an encore, so to speak. I was thrilled and enthusiastic about her talent. Apparently you could look at me, because the girl next to me said "Well, well!" and gave me a nudge with the elbow.
Since I was in the theater for the first time, I was unfamiliar with the practice. But now I had learned and gave the thick a push with my elbow and said "Well, well!" He looked at me in astonishment and then said to his wife, "The guy is crazy."
I concentrated again on the piece. When the woman had spoken her text, the man came in again and knelt beside the dead for a moment. Then he got up again, turned to us and said: "I open my pants now". The curtain fell, it became very quiet and then everyone burst out laughing. A gong sounded and a voice said, "15 minute break".
Most of us got up and went outside. "Come and have a drink with us?" The lady asked me. So I got up and went with the two. But first I put a checkered handkerchief on my place. I had read in a novel that noble people used handkerchiefs with family crests as seat reservations during theater visits in Paris or Ulm in the last century. Since I had no family crest, I had brought extra this checkered handkerchief.
Unfortunately, at the bar there was no tomato juice, so I ordered a cocktail of lime soda and soda. "That's really exotic," the barman told me when I ordered it. As he was leaving he laughed and said only: "Eieieieiei". Georg was standing next to me at the counter. He drank champagne and his girlfriend a small espresso. "So," she began, "My name is Vera and we're glad we met you."
"Yes, yes," I answered, "It's a coincidence that you're sitting next to me and not me next to you and um ..." I noticed how suddenly I could no longer think or even speak normal thoughts. I changed the subject: "The piece is quite complicated!"
"Hahaha," the two laughed loudly. "That's what I call a fool," Georg added. "Which piece?"
"This comedy is awesome!" said the fat man, who had meanwhile come to the counter with his wife.
"I still claim this is a thriller," Vera replied.
"And the actors are two idiots", Agatha, Dicken's wife, fell into our conversation.
The sound of the gong reminded us that the play had a sequel. So we all sat down again, the lights went off, a man stepped in front of the red curtain and said: "There was a little delay due to technical difficu