Centar za pomoc
PrijavaKreiraj racun
Pocetna stranica
Using Facebook
Managing Your Account
Privacy and Safety
Policies and Reporting
Login and Password
Your Profile and Settings
Names on Facebook
Keeping Your Account Secure
Notifications
Ad Preferences
How Ads Work on Facebook
Control the Ads You See
Your Info and Facebook Ads
Accessing & Downloading Your Information
Deactivating or Deleting Your Account
How can I adjust how ads are targeted to me based on my activity on or off of Facebook?

    Computer Help
    Mobile Helpadditional tabs menu

share
Share Article
Ovaj sadržaj pomoci nije dostupan na Vašem jeziku. Molimo, odaberite jedan od podržanih jezika:
Molimo, odaberite jezik
Možete takoder pronaci podršku ostalih korisnika koji poznaju Vaš jezik ako posjetite naš korisnicki forum.
To show you better ads, we use data that advertisers and other partners provide us about your activity off Facebook Company Products. We offer several ways to control the ads you see based on your activity off of Facebook.
Our ads based on data from partners setting in your ads preferences can give you more control over this activity. It controls whether we show you ads based on your use of websites and apps off Facebook Company Products, and it also controls ads based on data we receive from partners about your offline activity. You can review these choices at any time.
To view your ad settings on based on data from partners:

    Click at the top right of Facebook and select Settings.
    Click Ads.
    Scroll down and click Ad settings.
    Click Ads based on data from partners and review your choice in this setting.

Note: We adhere to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising and participate in the opt-out programs established by the Digital Advertising Alliance, the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada and the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance. You can opt out from all participating companies through these sites.
Da li je ova informacija pomogla?
Da
Ne
Related Articles
How do I view my information on Facebook?
How do I download a copy of my information on Facebook?
What are my ad preferences and how can I adjust them?
Can I block ads on Facebook or opt out of ads showing on my account?
What categories of my Facebook data are available to me?

    BosanskiDeutschEnglish (US)TürkçeMagyar??????RomânaPolskiHrvatskiSlovencinaEspañol

Facebook © 2018
Više informacija
	
Izbor reklama
	
Uvjeti i pravila
Privatnost
	
Kreiraj reklamu
	
Kolacici
Karijere
	
Kreiraj stranicu
